what I am down here once again the
official takedown festival interviews
and with the hell how you doing guys all
right yeah yeah it's pretty shit really
yeah what's wrong yeah I'm hungry I
thought it was a month I suppose I was a
monster truck festival so we came down
here in a monster truck and we turned up
from his load of fucking degree bosal
machining stuff yeah take down pit they
live Nathan ladies go on tattoos purple
hair fuck off good well we are very
happy to be playing two guys seal it
back ya did it bang yeah shout out to
our sponsors of black and decker
Cadbury's Creme Egg fucking your keys
raising them biscuit goodbye that stuff
we're playing the we're playing the
space invaders stage 4 p.m. so comment
so how I so how did it feel to be a
takedown best forwards it feel good
great yeah it's great it's brilliant
could want to be anywhere else right now
ever again no yes don't do it awesome
well thank you very much for coming down
and having a chat with me I appreciate
it it's awesome to see you guys now
who's in charge of your facebook because
there are some incredible hilarious
things coming up what is it a dill diddy
it it's am I am i pronouncing that right
great ya dil did here it's a compound
word it's half dildo ha vidya if you
given 30 grand to play at a 30 grand to
play the same get your plane today but
you could you could afford you all you
have to do is use all the money on props
and stage we're just it up it what would
you probably by it's not enough don't
get a bit less than 60k so i mean i'm
lucky enough aside from the bad i'm an
entrepreneur i run a sort of luxury
yacht service now what's the last name
of the author it's cool black miss yacht
service and you can basically get it's
the only place that does fully
diamond-encrusted yachts in the whole of
Europe so I'm quite proud of that
venture so you have to answer your
question I don't I'd rather put my uncle
gopher Ground do a new question so
written down if you want I took yeah
actually i swear to god i thought
they're just gonna bring out fingers
then and i bet i appreciate that because
that's the way it was going is it true
that blackness is most handsome person
in the world I'd say if you were to ask
me black missile attacks plus or i'd say
probably not second two nails yeah i
think that's fair answer that question
in a way ask you as we're weird but if
you have any question I've got a
question here says big big fat bums
asking its proper foot I'm 30 okay the
kind of question you'd ask any other
band is it so why do we get that
question what do they get the deep
questions if we get big fat farm I'm
sorry I didn't even realize those words
would come out of your mouth my yours
yeah our well it's disrespectful at best
shows it's it's a word five let Mike
juice keeps ringing us a surname drop Oh
him over the phone by nails Oh having an
interview with a guy who doesn't have
any questions you just come here yes
brother is in the press area see if you
can come in ask a question Mike it's a
question drive on camera Jordan to
answer a question live on camera mic
absolutely yeah okay co-op sticker on
your aren't you're on you're on speaker
now this is mike from popular rock Vegas
okay cool yeah right so thank you very
much the hell hopefully coming to do and
then we've not finished okay wait we lit
okay oh so how's thinking how to get
down all right yes all right I thought
we were gonna have a bit more trouble on
the under-25 when we did that it's very
clear they're such average speed limit
on the m3 which was a bit of a pain yeah
but you just hide behind the door isn't
it I'm arrived here in a normal like van
we actually came in a BMW x6 top spec
four liters twin turbo
that's actually true what's actually
true I'm going to take over basically
this guy's shit interviewing yep so what
got you interested in playing guitar it
was probably ahead of Taylor Swift song
the intro started with guitar and I
thought you know what that's what I want
to do basically of my life right there
that's great we've been take down TV
thank you very much for listening to our
shit interview goodbye